**Being you**.

Life gives you exactly what you want. Have you ever noticed that ‘The Secret’ says: “Focus on what you want to happen. That’s all.” This means that if I were to focus on the kicker over, and over again, I would get exactly what I don’t want.

But there again we are all sly in our own crooked ways. Have you ever realized that ‘what you don’t want’ is also a conscious choice? Knowing this, what if we try applying this bit of information? If I choose to not want happiness, then I will have an abundance of it. So why not? Why not choose to not want happiness, and live a life of content? The catch here is that I do not mean to choose ‘unhappiness’, ‘sorrow’, ‘I just don’t want to be happy’ — I just don’t want happiness. That specific. Happiness is temporary like everything else. Feeling content has permanence. You might lose everything in the process, but then you get to be as sly as the our politicians — in ways life be surprised, — be on the list of people the universe learns her tricks from, — you will realize what really matters, and who really stays. Do you see how until November 8th, there was this fairy tale like charm to the beginnings of the world. Post November 8th, there is an attitude of facing life situations with a harsh reality, not fantasy. You will be left with a choice of being sad, and grim OR you could look at these bright side of happenings, and life-could-be-a-dream.

So then there are two sides to this coin. This might seem like the easy way, but then it is more of pretending that you don’t want something but liking it anyway when it comes to you. It is hard to keep doing this forever. You cannot lie to yourself and live with the fear that your thoughts affect your universe.

First of all, you don’t have a universe. You have a bubble. We are all too small to make a lasting impact on the universe. Even a humpback whale is too small for the vast deep ocean. So even if the universe is helping you out, my guess is because no matter how big you are, you are still that whale.

Secondly, no matter what happens or how anything makes you feel, life is just randomness at play — Just like this post and you are way better being true to yourself. Editing eats away a part of you. Be it writing, life or truth. “From a Mumbaikar’s perspective, American influence on his life just went from having a sense of Bandra to the menace of Harbour Line.”
