**Crowd management in exigencies**.

They have been extending the lockdown by 2 weeks whenever the scheduled end is around the corner. India started a lockdown on the 22nd of March. So far, the lockdown has been scheduled to end on 14th April, 30th April, 4th May, (and 17th May for some states). Some municipality worker has been heard of quoting June 10th to be the final date. June 10th is 3 months from March 10th - the festival of lights, Holi - which is when presumably, everyone was out celebrating socially, aka not social distancing.

So, my common sense dictates that all governments of highly populated nations will enforce 3 months of lockdown/quarantine in total. Here's the fun bit about 'quarantine' from Wikipedia: The word 'quarantine' comes from quarantena, meaning "forty days", used in the Venetian language in the 14th and 15th centuries. The word is designated in the period during which all ships were required to be isolated before passengers and crew could go ashore during the Black Death plague. The quarantena followed the trentino, or "thirty-day isolation" period, first imposed in 1347 in the Republic of Ragusa, Dalmatia (modern Dubrovnik in Croatia). Merriam-Webster gives various meanings to the noun form, including "a period of 40 days", several relating to ships, "a state of enforced isolation", and as "a restriction on the movement of people and goods which is intended to prevent the spread of disease or pests".

The word is also used as a verb. Quarantine is distinct from medical isolation, in which those confirmed to be infected with a communicable disease are isolated from the healthy population. Quarantine may be used interchangeably with cordon sanitaire, and although the terms are related, cordon sanitaire refers to the restriction of movement of people into or out of a defined geographic area, such as a community, in order to prevent an infection from spreading.
