**Erotica 4**.

I want to whisper in your ears, and tell you things that I will do to you to make you squirt. I want to kiss you, bite you, eat you, and make you moan like you have never been fucked before. I want to tease you, dominate you, order you around, tell you what to do, show you what you deserve. Treat you like you are my bitch, you are my dirty little slut. I want to make you suck my dick till I cum in your mouth.

Then kiss you when you are being a good girl, but if you are bad, then I will spank you really bad, hell, spank you anyway. I want to push you on to a wall, slap you as you stand there, then push you on to it by your neck, and then put my whole body on yours. Bite your ears, slide a arm under your thighs, and lift them up straight. Then slowly get one arm from behind your head, down to your panties, stretch that elastic and let it go, as it hits your waist and reminds you that it's me. 

Then slide that hand under your top, slowly encroaching your tits. Remove that bra, in a quick tug, and bite your lips, as it snaps out of place, and I throw it away. Then I pinch your hard nipples, and turn you around. Spank your ass, real gently once, and then real bad twice. I will push my finger from the top of your back to the bottom, and slowly slide it inside your pussy, while my face is buried inside your back, biting away at all that muscle.

Then as you get your hand and struggle with unbuckling me, you whip out my dick, all 7 inches of it. Tell me you are weak in your knees, such a convenient excuse, and fall right on them, to blow me to peace. You lick the tip, just a very subtle tease. Then you swallow it whole, keeping it dry, when you are dripping like a leaking tap. and you use both your hands to keep my cock in line. As you blow me and look me in the eye, you swallow my balls, and ask me to give you more!

So I slide down those panties and ask you to come to an abandoned van, we roll down all windows, climb on the bonnet, we are star gazing, but are we? Because I am entering you slowly, mm by mm, as you can feel me slide. I want to fuck you till you scream. Then take you to a bed in that van, throw you on the bed, and make love to you some more.
