**Erotica 6**.

I love eating you out, and hearing you moan, like a toy in my hands. I love sucking your tits, running my nails on your back. I want to tear away your tops. All of them. I want to give you continuous hickies. I want to get Honey, Nutella, Hershey's syrup, and peanut butter. I want to swallow your cum. Being horny is expensive, and you are the only expense I want. I want us to be dirty baby. Add some Mayonnaise please.

I want to rip away your delicate panties, and pull you by your legs, dragging you towards me on the bed, spit on your clit, and tongue it, deeper, and rub my lips on your clit. I want to try all of these, one by one. Let's start with honey, I want to eat you, while you eat breakfast, can you tease me some more baby! I want to be greedy for you. I want to suck hard on your pussy. Touch yourself right now. I want you to orgasm tonight. Now I wish you were here, baby let's just live in together? I cannot stay away from those hard nipples. So I want to eat pizza off you.

I want to fuck you with my rock hard boners, not the ones you have seen yet. I am hard enough to slap your face with my cock, and make you feel it on you. I want to cum tonight. I want you to wear a blouse the next time, if we are travelling then pack it and then change into a saree in the room. I want to fuck you with your saree on. I want to fucking make love to you like nobody's business. I want you baby, and I want to scream these words while we fuck. I want those words to echo in the room, while my thighs slap against your ass, and add a beat to make our sex sound like rap. We are never meeting outside again.

I can't take it anymore, or if we are then it's in an empty cafe, where I can fuck you on the couch, and you can be all naked, and be the cause of awe from all pedestrians on the roadside. I want you to wear low backs that tease me by almost revealing your ass. I want it all baby. Fuck me harder soon. I cannot think straight. I want you to be my art, and I want you to be mine. I want to fuck you in the rain in some private balcony, looking down on a city block. I want to kiss your neck, leave bites. I can't take this anymore. My cock is going to explode with cum, hall over your tits, navel, and body for sure. 

I want you to lick my cum off your tits. Then take you to the bathroom. I want you to hold the towel rod, and stay pinned there. Throw water on you while you're still wearing the blouse, while I do things to you on your belly. Then undo the hooks as slowly as I can. I am going to get you all wet baby, and be gentle as water flows on your skin, only to drink that water to quench my thirst, stop the droplets running down your boobs with my lips. I want to fuck you in a hot shower for hours everyday. I don't want to talk to you anymore. I want to be rubbing my cock hard. I just want to make rough love to you, and sneak away to be with you, slide one finger in baby, slide in two, stay there as you feel the way I finger you until your gspot and around.

It's getting cold here, the fan is on. I want you to shiver, as I throw my hot body on you, dry hump you without clothes, and bite you everywhere, on your thighs, ass, your abs, suck on your nipples, your neck, let the world know that I am taken, and some bitch has marked me like she owns me now. I am never going to stop, so you will have to live all hot and bothered always. If you are going to stay with me, because the only thing on my bucket list now is to have you with me like my bitch, and be your dog. Come get me baby. I want to fuck you on your main door. I want to push your face in the door, and spank your ass hard for being such an ass, and not fucking me soon everyday.
