**Erotica 7**.

So here's how I really want you. Steamy, fresh after a bath with that first few buttons open, just enough for me to see the top of your cleavage. I want you to come to me when I get in the house, right on the main door. Then lay your hands on my shirt and push me back on the main door. Look at me in my eye, with a gaze that says, "You are mine." And as silent as you are on a cafe bench, I want you to grab my belt. No baby don't be gentle, just show me that you rule me, you are my queen. I want you to unbuckle the strap, and bite your lips. Come close enough to give me a kiss but don't give me any. Since you were planning to head out, and I interuptted your plans, I want you to be angry. You keep your bag next to me, on the floor near the wall, so that it doesn't get between you like I did. Then go down on your knees, and feel my cock from outside the pants. You undo the belt and unzip my pants. You pull out my hard on and say, "why is my package not a boner yet?" 

Hand me the belt, so you can use both your hands to treat me right. I want your complete attention. Look right at me, and keep my cock on your lips. No your lips are not wet, but they soon will be. So you rub off that dark red lipstick on my cock, bickering about the heat. SInce I want to go handfree, I pull your hair up, and lap that belt around your neck. I slide it in the buckle as the leather makes you feel that I am being in control. I let go off your hair, and pull on the strap. It makes the belt fasten around your delicate neck. You choke.

As I run my fingers on your mane, you close your eyes and kiss my cock...
