**Erotica 11**.

:* You’re gonna be working and you’re gonna be getting frustrated. I’m gonna come to you, sit down write behind you on my knees and and run my hands through your hair and my chest against the back of your head. I’m gonna rub my hands on your shoulder and kiss you slowly and longingly on the side of your face and down your neck teasing your ear with my tongue. You’re gonna feel my tits grazing your shoulders and I’m gonna take your shirt off so you can feel my tits better. But before they touch you again, you’re gonna grab them and pull them toward you so that your head is buried between them and I’m gonna moan out in surprise. 

My hands are going to slide to your chest and I’m going to come around and clamber across you with my knees on either side of you and my tits right up in your face. I’m going to take your mouth and tease your lips with mine while I can feel you growing harder by the second under me. And not kiss you but just almost get there and breathe slowly over your mouth. You’re gonna grab my tits and and pull me towards you so that my mouth is forced onto yours and you’re gonna hold my head while I kiss you oh so ferociously. And before you can even take a breath I’m gonna push my tits in your mouth and hold you between my boobs and gently tease your dick with my ass. 

I’m gonna rub up on and kiss you deeper and deeper and plant my to mouth all over your neck and chest make you groan and teasing you by rubbing your nipples with my fingers while I’m sucking on your neck and rubbing my wet desperate pussy on your dick. You’re gonna moan and arch and twist around and I’m gonna hold your hands down and bite your chin and plant kisses down your chest right until I’m almost at your dick where I’m gonna lick all that wetness from my pussy off your stomach and dick oh so slowly just so I can watch you squirm. I’m gonna scramble on down, and before you know it, push your balls into my mouth and tease them with my tongue and teeth gently biting them as you grow harder and bigger for me. I’m gonna hold your hands on my head and make you gather my hair, and push my mouth slowly over the head of your dick while your wet, hair and throbbing for my tongue. I’m gonna lick the length of your dick so dam slowly, savouring every single bit, and while you lie back and groan in frustration, I’m gonna look at you and ask you if you want me.

So tell me, do you want me?

"Yes, I want all of you!"

Before you can answer me, I’m gonna lock my eyes with you, and not even let you take a breath, and take you completely in my mouth. My mouth is going to be wet and tight and wrapped around you, with my tongue teasing your head rubbing on it ferociously because of how hungry I’ve been for you and sucking you out like there’s no tomorrow. I’m going to slobber all over you and not even take a breath because I can’t get enough of your hard and wet dick filling my mouth up and feeding me. While you’re holding my head down, my hands are going to go two ways, one down to the spot under your balls and one right up to your nipples. And my hand down is going rub on you making you squirm as my mouth eats you out and fills up with all of you. 

My hand on your nipple is going to tease you and grab you because I’m not going to give you even a second. I’m going to pull my mouth off, and clamber on top of you, rubbing my wet pussy all over that wet hard dick, and my mouth devouring yours so you can taste how amazing you taste in my mouth. And without letting go of your mouth from mine, I’m going to push my tongue completely inside your mouth and hold you so close to me, and push you deep into my pussy holding onto you and dripping all down the length of that dick. And I’m going to whisper into your mouth to fuck me because I can’t bear to be one second more without you and I want you and only you, for every single moment, until I explode.

"And you won't stop at exploring because I am going to have my face dripping with sweat, and I will slap you in bed, and hold you tighter, and make sure you feel me on everyone of your nerves. Rub that clit, bitch!"

I’m going to cry out in pleasure and fuck you so hard, so hard, that I’m going tighten and tighten around your dick, getting wetter and wetter by the second until you feel my insides throbbing and rushing to explode around you. And before you know it, I’m going to moan so loud into your neck and break all over you shuddering and pressing my nails into your shoulders as I cum for you all over your dick that it drips down to your balls.

"Don't stop there! Get on top of me."

Who said I’m stopping? I’m getting on top of your face, and pushing my pussy onto your mouth so you can taste how I am after you’re in me. You’re going to grab my ass and lick my pussy up because you’re not done with me, and turn me onto the floor getting up and making me get down on my knees and bending over for you. You’re gonna run your hand down my back, pull my hair and spank my ass and tease it with your dick. I’m going to beg you not to tease me. And you’re going to spank me again and tell me that you’ll do what you want.

"Yes, that's more like it"

I’m going to moan as you make me bend over and tug on my tits and run your finger on my clit whispering in my ear that that pussy is only yours and you’re going to own it and take it in any which way you want. I’m going to beg you to fuck me, but you’re going to make me grab my own tits, and play with them while your one hand rubs my wet clit and one is spanking me as I squirm. You’re going to hold my neck and choke me whispering into my ear that if I don’t behave you’re going to not fuck me. I’m going to agree to listen to you and fall in front, hair and all and you’re going to pull me back, and thrust into me, without any warning so that I scream out. You’re going to pull me back, and grab my sides and thrust harder and harder making me moan oh so loudly, spanking my ass, and fucking me harder every time I make a sound.

You’re going to fuck me until I’m begging you to cum and hold me down and fill me up, with every thrust just until you’re about to cum, and then pull out, and make me open my mouth and take you completely in, hitting the back of my throat. You’re going to hold my head, pushing deeper into my mouth, my tongue all over you, and I’m going to suck you up as you fill my mouth with your cum until it drips out.
