**Erotica 9**.

I want to trash talk to you like telling you what kind of a bitch you are, that I think that you are cheating on me, for which you need to be punished with spanking your ass, choking you, turning you around, rubbing my 7" boner on your fat fucking ass, kissing you hard while I am at it, then throwing you on the bed, and fucking you doggystyle. So do you want me to come over, and tear away your tee? I want to see your cleavage where I can park my boner. Just in case, you decide to go gentle on me. Because I won't let you catch a breath. Instead I will choke you, spank you, and if you are up for it then lose my mind, and slap you.

I want to bite you everywhere, running my fingers up and down your back slowly, while at it. I want to nail your back so hard, that you will feel marked like never before, and fuck you doggy style till you cum, but then not stop with it. I want to keep going for hours, pull your hair, and make you moan, make you call me everything and anything I want you to say. I want to role play with you, and make you count the times you cum until it's 12 in one condom. Then throw that condom away, and slap my 7" boner on your face, force it in your mouth, and get it all wet while you choke.

Then I want to slide it inside you, as rough as sex can get, almost consented rape. Then I want to fuck you harder till I cum all of me into you, yet keep going on it for an hour more till our faces are dripping with sweat. I want to turn you around, and kiss you right. First a gentle touch of our lips, then a nibble's delight. A bite, and tonguing all the way in, then go down on you, and eat you all up, while running a finger around your hard nipples till you cum.

I want to stay down there until you quiver, and shake, suck on your clit, and finger you till you squirt like my morning milkshake. Then eat you till my face is wet, and my beard is dripping in your cum. I want to pick you up, and turn you around, pin you on a wall, and rub my boner on your ass, before I make you go down on your knees, make you give me a sloppy fucking blowjob for an hour and a half, before I cum on your face as long as from your face it drips.
