**Giving**.

Do you know what my dream is? Aise kyun have always been told that I should probably be involved in my family business or at least taken interest in it. So ja if you don't know about this then my great grandfather was a banker and everybody in my family so far has been an engineer or doctor or a banker. Or rather let me rephrase it, most people in my family have been in the commerce field and they all have married engineers doctors and lawyers. Dubai I look at this is that I am an Architect but I have never taken in keen interest in banking so far but the only thing that I might say is result of my DNA is that I happen to like the idea of giving things.

I would love to sponsored projects give a money give treats to my college friends who are not doing enough even though I don't have enough to give them or even if I don't have enough for myself. It is as if I am addicted to the idea of giving. I've always wanted to have this one thing on my bucket list which was to be a venture capitalist or which was to be an agent in this society who will help people solve their problems.I did not take psychiatry for study so that I could help people battle mental illnesses and I did not do banking initially although my dream was to buy a Honda civic and drive around the entire world after completing CA or chartered accountancy. But because I have been so inclined to giving more than I take in my life as a theme now I think with this capacity and the power that I have been able to discover through this app I think I will do the next thing of my life which is to clear out my debt and build very good investment portfolio for myself so that I can share the returns with the local industries.
