**Google voice**.

The funny part is that when I first started using Google voice input it would not give me the correct inputs like I would speak something or say something and then this app or the keyboard would interpret it differently. now that I think about it everything has slowly started to learn from me it is assive Google has its own AI running on this thing which launch my pronunciation and launch my voice and makes it easier for me to speak out long sentences without having to stop to edit a mistake. well I do agree that there are some words that it still does not pick up.but overall output is better now and it keeps getting better as I keep using this app on the keyboard for my writing it is very easy for me to share my thoughts and since I think a lot and have a lot of thoughts it is very easy for me now to be able to record all document them whenever I am even if I am waiting or if I am taking a dump or if I am designing something. It is like my personal notepad which is being shared to the world.

It just help me make the process so fast that now I don't have to worry about pressing control c for control v and it is nice man I don't know what to tell you, you should also try this out. have you noticed how easy it is that I am posting articles but every time I keep doing this they keep getting longer and longer. I think at this rate I can even publish a book who actually I have published one book but I think I will share the link with you guys some day after I think I have made my target on typewriter I hope that I wished for something like this only in my life or rather actually wish I had found something like this earlier in my life but it's alright. Better late than never.
