**Kashmiri kahwa**.

Kashmiri kahwa not actually that but something like that. So, Sarfaraz Khan who also is writer on Typewrighter and is my flatmate right now, he had made ghee out of milk and I don't know how it that but yaar left some of the burnt ghee in the strainer, and I used that strainer with the ghee in it for my tea. Apparently that is how they make Kashmiri kahwa they add some ghee to the tea. Well I used I think it is girnar chai and a lot of sugar and this strainer of full of ghee for my morning tea. Hopefully I will get some weight in these coming few months.

It is been interesting as a life to meet people randomly from different parts of the world and to be able to live with them like I used to do when I was an Airbnb superhost. It has been one of the ways I have always thought that money is not something that you make it is a return on your investment as a person. What I mean by that is that when you invest your time and your mind and knowledge and your skills in your social environment, you are paid back with what you guys call money. I am not sure how much of these articles that you are reading which I am speaking out to you are adding value to your life or lives. A good way to give me feedback would be to hit the like button so I know that somebody out there is liking this so that I can feel motivated to create more.

Now that is not a ploy to make money, it is only a feedback. so I am going to go back to my Kashmiri kahwa will my own Kashmiri kahwa, courtesy of Sarfaraz Khan and I hope that I will come back you and post some more articles.
