**There**.

I had always been a kid, popular as fuck. But then I have never had a birthday celebrated by my friends. I have had times when people know it’s my birthday but they don’t wish me instead. Mom included. I spent my 18th walking the streets penniless as students are with two friends who wanted a treat. I spent my 21st in a bus back to university, having four strangers singing happy birthday to me, silently. There is a lot that I want to cry about but you give me hope, you confuse my mind with an eternal elope. I am not sure if I could ever tell you these things. But a part of me thinks that penning this down bears is all the courage that exists, within me. I have been spat on, picked on, beaten to a pulp, some dark memories lie beyond my fear. I have been asked why people don’t trust me here, maybe because I promise things too hard for friends to believe or as impossible as sincere. Thanks for sharing that the other day, I shall remember the butterfly effect as cops caught us for PDA. There is a lot of randomness running through my mind, but you give me a hope, for paradise. I am broke tonight, for the year’s ending you see. I have put all of me, in all my prophecy. Life is sad, without a doubt of joy even though we stand, and stare at blazing fast cars, and the sea. Your laughter is the reason my sadness disappears, there is more to our time than emotions, than relativity. Because every moment seems just right in the beginning, and the best that I can hope for is a constant like thee. There is a lot I have to say, say to you, and share it with glee, but I guess the night is young, I miss you, I miss your sunshine, and eternity.
