**Type-faced**.

We need to get curious. About everything around us. There might be more things that we are wasting resources on than we know. I am getting into the habit of unlisting, undoing, and decluttering as usual. We need to ask more questions. I started with my phone. With all the files in it. By deleting the photographs that don’t matter, and uploading the ones that I was a bit indecisive about to the cloud. I moved on to clean my bed, and the entire airbnb again. Everything that was not being used will get picked up by the janitor at 9. There is so much that I can sell, so much that can be replaced, so much that can be ridiculed, and so much to save a day. Ideation is often interrupted with the emergence of information.

Information is a nightmare. No wonder ignorance is bliss. True isn’t it? How many times have you caught yourself on reading up on stuff you will never use? Not in the next ten years at the least. But then with the premise that Steve Job’s call about attending the calligraphy class gave us wonderful typefaces is crap. Because most people don’t get to do what they love.

And many more choose not to. If I can get through the ATM hunt ritual of any present age Indian. I will buy a notepad. No, not to scribble on it. But to illustrate the language of drawing.

It is better to carry a book because batteries die. And it is better to carry a sketchbook because not all writing is done outside the mind. We need to be out of our minds, remember? Else the information will swallow us into a bubble.

A bubble that is so clearly visible in the present day American youth. Ideas are to be jotted down, and put to work immediately. Else they lose their time, and be nothing more but listicles. Lists will give you clarity but a workflow will give you productivity. Most people forget this, and keep generating crap. Not in terms of quality, but in those of utility. Have you noticed that most of what human civilization has been upto is to create things that are not, or rather cannot be completely consumed. There is so much garbage in the utility value of everyday life. It is hard to imagine if we can ever succeed at saving ourselves. Truly, the race of man has failed. Let us hope I am wrong. We create more than what we can consume. And we give way even more to ruin. If we take a step back, and pause. We will see where we are heading.
