**Urban trekking**.

I commute a decent 2 to 3 hours one way on my urban trekking rounds for site visits around the city. There is this thing about travel. It is probably the only thing that dissolves time. The very image of a day is a blur, and you cannot help but see that the dates, and days fade away. The only thing that remains in memory are the songs in your ears, the expressions of people you have met, and the waiting you have done along the way. It is hard to arrange memory to a chronological order. Everything gets a place of its own. Standalone. And in this abyss of separation, you see what truly matters.

What led to the next best thing, and what are the habits that you can give away. Almost everything we do in today’s world is unnecessary. Almost everything is built upon the pressures of peer mentality. And it’s hard to see how much of your free will is influenced until you separate yourself physically, and literally from that crowd. It is in this third person self image can you see all the flaws of the modern day society. The habits, the attitudes; the manners, the attributes. The behaviours, variety of self beliefs, and the everlasting self doubt that comes from such a biased free will. It is the long road home that helps us see how much of bullshit we have been putting up with. The small unnecessary details that were until now seemingly essential. Once you know what they are, then you have choice.

With this choice you can choose to harm or grow yourself. With this choice comes self awareness. With this choice comes ownership. And this is the key to saving resources. Every form of resource. And these choices when adhered to, create a never ending spiral of habits that create infinite growth.
